1.even odd.
2.swap the variable.
*// fast processing in the switch as compare to if else
3.decision making diagram.
*// while loop use when you dont know the unknow conditon
*// do while use when you want to run any block first then check the conditon
eg.real time atm withdraw money then they ask for exit in last 
*// in static varibale the value is fix that means he take the previous value 
in local that value be there that we declare onces

#question.
Libraries Definition and use
what is format specifiers
history and features
return 0 and return 1
what is getch
void and int and its return types
rules for creating variables 
Keywords and ANSI Standard
Datatype why use and its types and sizes and ranges
enum and its use 


what is function. 
fuction advantages.
function types.

loacal and global variable

difference between callby value and callby reference
in callby value they canot change the original value they can make copie of that original value he canot modify that original value.(basically in this he cannot change modify value he make copie  of that original value).
in callby reference he modify the value at same address and here we have to get the address  oringinal value modify
why we use function ?  reusability
recursion 
call by reference and call by value solve problem with this?
array advantages and disadvantages. different type data not allowed
types of arrays
one dimensional array most question.
ascending and decending 
sort array 
search element in array.

gets amd puts alternate of printf and scanf

union allways take garbage value

pointer def and even odd program 
*p what happen and only p what will be print.

gets that means we use insted of scanf.
puts that means we use insted of prinft.

strlen :- to find the length of that object
strcpy :- this  use to copy any source to destination
strcpy(ch3,ch1) = in that ch3 is destination and ch1 is source.
strcat :- string concat that means we can combine the 2 string in that
eg. "hello world".

strrev(ch1) = in this way we can reverse the string.
strlwr(ch1) = in this we can lower case our string.
strupr(ch1) = in this we can upper case our string.
strstr(ch1, "substring") = this can generate the substring function

file handling:- 

w - is for oopen the text file if not then create it but when we update it the previous data may be lose.
a - is for open the text file if not then create it but when we update the previous data will be aslo there.


r - opens an existing text  file for reading purpose.
w - opens a text file for wrirting.if it does not exit, then a new file is  created.
a - opens a text file for wrirting in appending mode.if it does not exit, then a new file is created.
r+ opens a text file for both reading and wrirting.
w+ - 



varibale
Datatype
opreators

control statements- decision making -if, else if , switch
                  - loops difference

fuction - advantages, default parameterizesd , return , callby value and call by reference

string - string fuction - substring

array - type of arrays

structure vs  union

pointer -  advantages, disadvantages- array, string, function

file handling - modes, rewind(), disadvantages




